---
title: "Open Intents & ERC7863 "
slug: "architecture/open"
description: "LI.FI is actively contributing to intent systems to advance intent adoption and cross-chain interopability through contributions to The Compact, Open Intents Framework (OIF), and feedback to ERC7683."
sidebar:
  order: 1000
---
LI.FI strives to support and contribute to existing and upcoming intent standards to unify intent networks to paving the road towards chain abstraction.

- By contributing to TheCompact with the goal of advancing resource locks development and spreading open and borderless account abstraction implementations.
- Working with the Ethereum Foundation on building a modular and flexible intent framework for emerging chains through OIF.

- By submitting feedback on ERC7683 and paving a road for ERC7683 integration into LI.FI intents. While LI.FI intents does not support ERC7683 today, the goal is to support it in the future.

## General Incompatibilities

* ERC-7683 places a lot of focus on the open interface. This makes sense, as the initial version of ERC-7683 was conceived before resource locks. However, with resource locks, it presents a challenge because orders don’t always start with on-chain calls anymore.
* The ERC-7683 fill function is expensive because it works with memory, not calldata, due to the transparent bytes provided.

### Our Recommendations

* Add `address user` and `uint256 nonce` to `OnchainCrossChainOrder`.
  * Goal: To clarify who the depositor is. (Tokens should still be collected from `msg.sender`.)
* Convert the `open` event into `event Open(bytes32 indexed orderId, bytes resolveContext)` and add resolve functions that take the original order and `resolveContext` to accurately produce the `ResolvedCrossChainOrder` from an off-chain view call.
  * Goal: To reduce the cost of emitting the `Open` event.
* Make functions `open(...)` and `openFor(...)` optional.
  * Goal: To make it explicit that `open` should only be used for depositing.
* Make function `validate(...)` a view function that returns `(uint32 fillDeadline)` to easily validate whether an order is valid.
  * Goal: To provide an explicit way for pure off-chain orders to be validated.

Additionally, the specification should contain a description of how to integrate the lock flow: outputs first, inputs second.

You can read more about our recommendations for change here:
[https://github.com/ethereum/L2-interop/pull/15/files#diff-636d6bbfc9b1e613195503fdc721676aebdd4dd14eeb8d1ac5fb79cceaf2bc2eR28-R46](https://github.com/ethereum/L2-interop/pull/15/files#diff-636d6bbfc9b1e613195503fdc721676aebdd4dd14eeb8d1ac5fb79cceaf2bc2eR28-R46)